---------------
TEST 1
---------------

1. advantages of cloud computing
All are posible

2. pricing model enables aws costomer pay
pay as you go

3. which of these is not a cloud compting model
system administration as a service

4. true or false aws network connectied
true

5. Which of these is not a benefic of cloud computing
paying for racking, stacking.. etc

6.which of these following are not benefits of aws cloud computing
high latency y multiple procurement cycles

7. which of the following is a compute service
amazon ec2

8. true or false, cloud computing provices a simple way to acces servers
false

9. Economies of scale result from
having hundeds of thousands of customers

10. Which of these are ways to access aws core services
aws managemente console
aws cli
sdks


---------------
TEST 2
---------------

1. Servicios EC2, RDS, available for reserved instances
auri, puri y nuri

2. where can customer go to get more details EC2 3 month ago
aws cost Explorer

3. to receibe the discounter rate associated with reserved instances you must make a full upfront payment for the term of the agreess
false 

4. Which statement is true abot the pricing model on AWS?
storage is typically charged per gigabyte

5. what are the four plans AWS Support
basic developer businnes Enterprise

6. What aws tool lets you explorer aws services and create estimes for the cost
AWS Pricing calculator

7. as aws grows, the cost of doing business is reduced and saving are passed back of the costumer with lower pricing. What is this optimization
economies of scale 

8. Amazon virtual private iam,
true 

9. what are benefics of using aws Organizations
OUs, SPCs (?)

10. Unlimited services are availables with the aws free FreeTier to new aws customer for 12 month flloing their aws sigh up date
false


---------
TEST 3
---------

1. Which componmnte of the aws global infraestrcture does amazon cloudfront use ensure low-latency
AWS edge locations

2. You can run applications and workloads from a region clouse to the end users to  latency
decrese

3. networking stoage are examples of service categories that aws offers
true

4. Which of the folling are geographic areas that host 2 or more availability zones
aws regions

5. means the infraestrature has built compontent redundady and mea
fault tolerant elastic and scalable 

6. availability zones within a region are connected through low latenct links ture or false
true

7. Which of these statements about availibity zones is not true 
a data center can be used for more that one az 

8. What is true abaout regions 
each region is separete geografic area y region has multiple availiby zones 

9. AWS highly recommens provision your compute resource across ___ AZ 
multiple

10. edge locations are only located in the same general area as regions ture of false 
false 

